Implement converter #1 (#2)
asyncapi/converter-go: README.md

# AsyncAPI Converter

## Overview

The AsyncAPI Converter converts AsyncAPI documents from version `1.0.0`, `1.1.0` and `1.2.0` to version `2.0.0-rc1`. It supports both `json` and `yaml` formats on input and output. By default the AsyncAPI Converter coverts a document into the `json` format.

## Prerequisites

- `go` in version 1.11+

## Installation

 To install the AsyncAPI Converter package, run:

`go get github.com/asyncapi/converter-go`

## Usage

You can use the AsyncAPI Converter in terminal or as a package.

> ### CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### In CLI
```

To use the AsyncAPI Converter in a terminal, build the application. Run:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/asyncapi/converter-go.git
cd ./converter-go
go build -o=asyncapi-converter ./cmd/api-converter/main.go
```

To convert a document use the following command:

```text
asyncapi-converter <document_path> [--toYAML] [--id=<id>]
```

where:

> - `document_path` is a mandatory argument that is either `URL` or `file path` to asyncapi document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `document_path` is a mandatory argument that is either a URL or  a file path to an AsyncAPI document
```

> - `--toYAML` is an optional argument and allows to produce results in yaml format instead of json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--toYAML` is an optional argument that allows producing results in the `yaml` format instead of `json`
```

> - `--id` is an optional argument and allows to specify application id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--id` is an optional argument that allows specifying the application `id`
```

> 

Reviewer: **Examples**
See the following minimal examples of the AsyncAPI Converter usage in the terminal:

> minimal example that will convert `gitter-streaming` from version `1.2.0` to `2.0.0-rc1` in `json` format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gitter-streaming` conversion from version 1.2.0 to 2.0.0-rc1 in the `json` format
```

```text
asyncapi-converter https://git.io/fjMPF
```

> minimal example that will convert `gitter-streaming` from version `1.2.0` to `2.0.0-rc1` in `yaml` format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gitter-streaming` conversion from version 1.2.0 to 2.0.0-rc1 in the `yaml` format
```

```bash
asyncapi-converter https://git.io/fjMPF --toYAML
```

> specify the application id example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gitter-streaming` conversion from version 1.2.0 to 2.0.0-rc1 in the `json` format specifying the application `id`
```

```bash
asyncapi-converter https://git.io/fjMXl --id=urn:com.asynapi.streetlights
```

### As a package

> 

Reviewer: You can use AsyncAPI Converter as a package. See the following usage example:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/asyncapi/converter-go.git
cd ./converter-go
go build -o=asyncapi-converter ./cmd/api-converter/main.go
```

To convert a document use the following command:

```text
asyncapi-converter <document_path> [--toYAML] [--id=<id>]
```

where:

- `document_path` is a mandatory argument that is either a URL or  a file path to an AsyncAPI document
- `--toYAML` is an optional argument that allows producing results in the `yaml` format instead of `json`
- `--id` is an optional argument that allows specifying the application `id`

**Examples**

See the following minimal examples of the AsyncAPI Converter usage in the terminal:

- `gitter-streaming` conversion from version 1.2.0 to 2.0.0-rc1 in the `json` format

  ```text
  asyncapi-converter https://git.io/fjMPF
  ```

- `gitter-streaming` conversion from version 1.2.0 to 2.0.0-rc1 in the `yaml` format

  ```bash
  asyncapi-converter https://git.io/fjMPF --toYAML
  ```

- `gitter-streaming` conversion from version 1.2.0 to 2.0.0-rc1 in the `json` format specifying the application `id`

  ```bash
  asyncapi-converter https://git.io/fjMXl --id=urn:com.asynapi.streetlights
  ```

### As a package

> You can use AsyncAPI Converter as a package. See the following usage example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the AsyncAPI Converter as a package. See the following usage example:
```

# AsyncAPI Converter

> 

Reviewer: We could add a section name:

## Overview

> Convert AsyncAPI documents from version 1.x to 2.0.0-rc1.

Reviewer: Add more details regarding which file types are converted into which (default and --toYAML).

> 

Reviewer: Are there any prerequisites? If not, ignore the comment.

## Prerequisites

## Installation

> 

Reviewer: To install the AsyncAPI Converter, run:

`go get github.com/asyncapi/converter-go`

## Usage

> 

Reviewer: You can use the AsyncAPI Converter from CLI or as a package.

### From CLI

> 

Reviewer: Add an introductory sentence to this section describing this way of using the AsyncAPI Converter, please.

```bash
Usage:
asyncapi-converter <path> [--toYAML] [--id=<id>]
asyncapi-converter -h | --help | --version

Options:
--toYAML    produces results in yaml format
--id        allows to specify application id
```

Minimal example:

```bash
$ asyncapi-converter https://git.io/fjMPF --toYAML
asyncapi: 2.0.0-rc1
channels:
    /:
        publish:
            message:
                oneOf:
                  - $ref: '#/components/messages/chatMessage'
...
```

Specify the application id:

```bash
$ asyncapi-converter streetlights.yml --id=urn:com.asynapi.streetlights
{"asyncapi":"2.0.0-rc1","channels":{"/":{"publish":{"message":{"oneOf":[{"$ref":"#/components/messages/chatMessage"}...
..."id":"urn:com.asynapi.streetlights","info":{"title...
```

Save the result in a file:
```bash
$ asyncapi-converter streetlights.json --toYAML --id=urn:com.asynapi.streetlights > streetlights2.yml
```

### As a package

> 

Reviewer: Add an introductory sentence to this section describing this way of using the AsyncAPI Converter, please.
